Update submdspan (#365)
ORNL/cpp-proposals-pub: submdspan/submdspan.md

# Revision History

## Revision 3: Mailing 2023-03

- Add feature test macro
- fix wording for aggregate type

> - fix too late definition of sub_map_offset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- make sure sub_map_offset is defined before it is used
```

    constexpr auto submdspan(
      const mdspan<ElementType, Extents, LayoutPolicy, AccessorPolicy>& src,
      SliceSpecifiers...slices) -> @_see below_@;

  template<typename T>
  concept @_integral-constant-like_@ =       // @_exposition only_@
         std::is_integral_v<decltype(T::value)>
      && !std::is_same_v<bool, std::remove_const_t<decltype(T::value)>>

>       && T() == T::value;

Reviewer: Do we need to mention it in the wording and state in words that the underlying integral type cannot be `bool`?
